Documentation on monitoring for app owner (#840)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/monitoring/faq/_index.en.md

---
title: Typical use cases for Application Insights
linktitle: FAQ
description: Frequently asked questions related to how to use Application Insights.
weight: 20
toc: true
---

{{% notice info %}}

> Do you have any good tips or questions that you needs answers? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you have any good tips or questions that are in need of answers? 
```

Please contribute to this page by using the __Edit page on GitHub__ feature at the bottom of this page!
{{% /notice %}}

[//]: <> (Section: How can I set up alerts based on what is logged to AI?)

{{% expandlarge id="q1" header="How can I set up alerts based on what is logged to AI?" %}}

> Unfortunetly, there is no resoruce group where alerts can be persisten for application owners. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunetly, there is no resource group where alerts can be persisten for application owners. 
```
